Unfortunately, our broadcast simply does not allow
tell about all who we remember
sincerely love
when my guest was Kartsev's novel he
I read my monologue hockey
we all froze when he read the percentage
tears appeared in the eyes
all of you dear and beloved unfortunately
he has already passed his construction
monologue of the novel kartseva is divided into
two parts first fun second
not at all
just part
I would not like to show in the second
to remember all those who left but on the other
hand i thought life goes on
and we can fully show this monologue
Kartseva's novel right now but execute
the percentage of our life with you is
in USSR
there is a tendency to return
ssr
play on old
songs about the main song will forget their songs
the film is asp people 50 percent for ssr
United Russia successor to the Communist Party
for these purposes the same rituals of power the same day
in the house almost all former party members
so I suggest
crash in the USSR to disperse the Duma
put together a politburo in all former countries
our friends return the power of the communists
to clone a tea cup titovoy alive someone
forget Chubais Gaidar Hakamada
withdraw mobile phones for an internet exit package
select the cottages oligarchs mansion
supporting gardens but there are generally plants and
Nastya’s factories are hated
skyscrapers hero boeings plumbing
jacuzzi
to build collective farms of the five-year plan
the old
history of the country vigilantes pop stars
put a vote on one batch think
everyone has the same fish day
true free treatment free
learning to leave only cold water
hot
only common baths
the phone is not only oh no
return paid debts
do not touch Khrushchev
Masaryk queue at the apartment mausoleum
leave alone let you lie for
of our republic and will want to return by force
sometimes you chinese chinese institute not
take
Armenians home Tajik Georgians they are more necessary
development ruble to forget
conduct reverse shooting
police need to take less
put in the women's place
return the Komsomol
there is a reference vodka
destroy the cans of fallen fish
in each group of people with kgb
observer throw lithuania
product left on bass 2 20
margarine fish effect
canned sprat in tomato close
Ramstors Auchan not McDonalds
Bolshoi Theater audi toyota egorova leave
only Volga victory Muscovites
bernard west lobster shrimp
coca cola
less leave only our
and obviously furniture
carpets one piece refrigerator over what
beat the dishes rabbit shitki
pantyhose toilet paper
using least cosmetics left
powder
neck rush spiral soap
with mass
do not forget to return lunch diapers too
deserts pantyhose from children's toys
teddy bears vanka vstanka
withdraw microwave exchange points and
generally all currency
pineapples
pineapple in winter god forbid no food place in
toilet
sausage only doctor herring
holidays could smoke when
destroying all imported appliances
and here in the gardening withdraw
hood shovels
clean american sedan movies 4000
to find
trendy man and everything
Smolensk
feat intelligence Kuban Cossacks
Indian films are not our talk show
of business
football was going to stop broadcasting new ones
than talents and blue light tvs
only with manual switching
closing the echo of moscow leave the lighthouse
destroy casino games for money
tv
Tomorrow editorial not more than 400 rubles
stop giving people a goal with plywood
third time housing program
leave as is
ban our athletes artist
to doctors
ballet travel abroad
have football take black and yellow
play tennis with each other
on the olympiad and put only
will find
he himself
for the national artist of the USSR a rate of 200 rubles
undeservedly 150 Moscow Council touring
to the plan
hall to steal
without anesthesia, he can give birth
the abyss became the first kilometer
return censorship to the media
closing archives every one at the heart of the warehouses
these investments themselves continue to be cold
wars with america fight nato be
willing to sacrifice themselves
try anything for nothing
steal
empty counters should decorate again
our country
return the land to the Russians are falling
the workers
rebuild bumper tararam there
there are unions
and forward to the victory of capitalism
in one particular country
I would certainly like to return youth
friendship
Gagarin Queen
Tupolev gave us her protection
Bolshakov
m sakharova
behind us
Lihacheva holy will Akhmatova Pascal
however Mayakovsky
Yesenin
Ilf and Petrov
Zoshchenko
Volga and who Okudzhavu Galich process
got cold
except Russian bank
Solovyov gray Raikin beat
from auto furnishings
Akimov
sample
princess nothing new
Shulzhenko
eagle
his way
Ruslanov Marevsky
Mortensson
earlier in the back
but also a star of the Smockun match
Vysotsky
Simonov
Efremov Bondarenko Ulyanov we are like Shan
I'm planting housing and communal services dear
Mironov
Lebedeva Luspekaeva Gerta Papanova
million
dushin key
bogatyrev
Abdulova
Polishchuk
ulanov
but by
for a series of vaio bohr but this is so
Kharlamov Nadya semi baikal and rolana
bykov leonida
nothing negative brodsky
Dvorzhetsky them myheelsa Shukshin
Magomaev and hundreds more prominent people
which day
he named
Kingdom of heaven